GAME OVER
The Day of Reckoning
Congratulations! You've achieved the game objective!
You haven't reached the game objective!
You've tried to fool the programmers with some cheeky key press combinations!
You've successfully run a Holiday Island business for sixty years!
You've successfully made it through the tutorial scenario, now you're ready to try your hand at a proper game.
You've earned enough money.
Enough holiday makers came to Holiday Island.
You've now ousted all the competition.
The "high society" folk are enchanted.
Let's go surfin' now...
Sustainable tourism on Holiday Island.
You have successfully united the islands of Mali, Tosh, Sly and Robbie.
The campers are enchanted by your island and your wallet's enchanted by the campers.
Even without great big hotels, tourism can still be a profitable business.
A famous marketing magazine names you PR & Marketing Ace of the Year.
And so the game has come to an end.
You've mastered the most difficult scenario of all!
You've gone bust.
Try the tutorial scenario again, but this time pay a little more attention to your cash.
You haven't managed to earn £180,000,000 over 20 years.
The 10,000 holiday makers didn't arrive in the twentieth year.
The competition also hasn't been sleeping for those 20 years.
After 30 years, your island still hasn't gained enough acceptance with the rich and the beautiful.
After 10 years the longed-for surfers paradise still hasn't happened.
After 20 years tourism still isn't sustainable.
Even today the inhabitants of Mali, Tosh, Sly and Robbie still can't go visiting without getting wet feet.
The camping business hasn't come up to expectations.
You've unfortunately gone bust.
Unfortunately, you haven't managed to get the best visitor flows to your world class attractions.
You've unfortunately gone bust.
You can take comfort from the fact that this was the most difficult scenario we could come up with.
Your fortune amounts to
£
Last year
holiday makers came.
In the final assessment you score
points.
Your game will be entered in the High Score table!
Continue
High Score
Quit
New game
